V2 migration apps with fers (#5254)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/rabbitmq.md

This section provides instructions for configuring log and metric collection for the Sumo Logic App for RabbitMQ.

### Step 1: Configure fields in Sumo Logic

> The following [fields](/docs/manage/fields/) will always be created automatically as a part of the app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following [fields](/docs/manage/fields/) are created automatically as a part of the app installation process:
```

* `component`
* `environment`
* `messaging_system`
* `messaging_cluster`
* `pod`

If you're using RabbitMQ in a Kubernetes environment, the following additional fields will be automatically created as a part of the app installation process:
* `pod_labels_component`
* `pod_labels_environment`
* `pod_labels_messaging_system`
* `pod_labels_messaging_cluster`

For information on setting up fields, see [Fields](/docs/manage/fields).

> ### Step 2: Configure Collection for RabbitMQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Configure collection for RabbitMQ
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## RabbitMQ Monitors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## RabbitMQ monitors
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/RabbitMQ-Logs.png')} alt="RabbitMQ dashboards" />

## Create monitors for RabbitMQ app

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

### RabbitMQ Alerts

> Sumo Logic provides out-of-the-box alerts available via [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors). These alerts are built based on logs and metrics datasets and have preset thresholds based on industry best practices and recommendations.

Reviewer 3: The content under this heading should be removed and we should only have alert list here.
